In this video, we are going to tackle
number 44 here, Creating a Spring Data
JPA Specialty for Vet Specialty
Service number 44 so I'm going to toggle
over to IntelliJ and we will take care
of this now. This is going to be this.
Actually, let's see here.I don't have a
SpecialtyMapService.
So vet specialty. Okay, yes. Never
mind, my bad. Made a mistake there
so I have the SpecialtyMapService and
what we want to do is I'm going to go
ahead and split those because we are
going to be implementing an, a  JPA
version of this in this video. So let's
come down here and say
new Java class,
an SD for Spring Data, Jpa.
Again, I
following this naming convention, so I'm
saying SD for Spring Data just to save a
little space. JpaService versus saying a
map service. I'm going to go ahead and
create that, and vet service.
I'm just looking here. I have an
inconsistency so I'm going to just
on-the-fly refactor this.
So instead of VetServiceMap. I'm going to
say VetMapService.
Just a small refactoring like
that. That'll just make that naming
consistency with everything else.
Map service, map service, and pet
services also.
When I'm naming things, I like to
try to be consistent, so that was
just a little inconsistency. I know
we have map service, map service, and
we'll also refactor this guy too.
Go ahead and do that factoring.
Let's go ahead and complete this
implementation. This is going to
implement our SpecialtyService. I'm going to come down
here and say implement the methods of
that. That's all the methods. We
readjust this a little bit. We will
be using the SpecialtyRepository so set
up a private final.
I'm declaring it final so it
cannot change. We will initialize
that in the constructor. Allow Spring
to implement that and then that's just a
little defensive coding saying that we
are implementing that as a final method
so he cannot change. Let's go ahead
and implement the findAll. So
Set Specialties equals new Hash new HashSet.
Now we will do a specialtyRepository
findAll.forEach and we will say
specialties add and then we will return
specialties.
Now that i implement findById,
we'll take the specialtyRepository
findById, take the Long value, and then
say orElse null. So remember that this
is returning back an optional, and then
if it's not found, we'll  return back
null.
Then, say save object, like so.
We just need to implement the delete
method.
deleteById,
like so, so that implements that, and then
the one thing we have not done is we did
not set up the annotations. Remember
here, we want it to be a Spring
component but only for the profile of
Spring Data JPA. Copy that over and paste
that.
Again, this is our Specialty Spring Data
JPA Service implementing specialty
service, takes in a repository as one of
the key properties, and we're using the
Spring Data Repository to do all our all
of our persistent operations against an
SQL database. We've gone in and
implemented all the methods that are
defined by our SpecialtyService, which
is a CrudService implementation, or an
extension of the CrudService, I should
say. It's an interface and not
an implementation. I misspoke there.
This was issue number 44 so I am going
to go ahead and
commit this.
Commit and push that. You can see that it's
getting up to GitHub. I'm going to toggle
over real quick and we'll see that
closed. Now, I'm going to come back here.
You can see that my work queue is
getting pretty lean, so in the next video,
we're going to take a moment and plan
out some additional work there so some
things that I want to implement yet.
Our goal, again, where we are moving
towards where we can change profiles and
bring up an active profile to have
things load either with the map service
or the Spring Data JPA services. So in
the next video, we're going to step back
for a moment and do some task planning
since our work queue is pretty lean
right now.